everybody welcome back to computertv i'm
sam and today i'm going to tell you
about this mach speed trio this is a
multimedia player it's the V 430 and if
you don't have a multimedia player that
does you good it is time to get one this
is fantastic not only for your mp3s okay
it's you know a new digital world we're
living in this is also for your photos
this is for your videos it's going to be
a calculator it's gonna be a stopwatch
this thing is fully loaded okay it has
four gigs of memory so plenty of storage
for all of your fun stuff you also have
a three inch LCD screen that comes with
a 400 by 240 resolution so you can watch
your movies and look at your pictures
and they look very pretty
crystal clear actually also comes with a
micro SD slot so you can have some extra
storage if you need and last but not
least you have a rechargeable battery
and when you are fully charged you're
gonna have eight hours of playback time
so that's perfect if you're like waiting
for the bus or waiting for your plane or
waiting for class to end whatever it is
that you're waiting for you'll have
plenty of entertainment on this Mach
speed trio so it's very very easy to
navigate this is not a touchscreen
multimedia player but all of your
controls are up top here okay
so you'll see you have your right here
this is your menu this is your playback
you have your volume controls your
fast-forward and your rewind and right
here with the m' is that is your menu
okay and if you turn it over to the side
you'll see you have your power right
here you have your micro SD slot right
here and your USB and it comes with the
USB cable and that is how you charge
this baby okay and on the back right
here you'll see you have a speaker
however this trio also comes with a pair
of headphones so choose how you want to
listen to your music okay now let's go
through the menu okay right now I think
you can see my reflection very shiny and
nice now we're going to go through the
menu okay starting off with music and
let's scroll next to video
say I want to get into video I just
click right here this play button it's
kind of like an okay and then let's hit
play again and let's see some video hope
this is read rated PG orgy
oh it's Walt Disney okay it's rated it's
rated G okay so let's pause it and to
get out of here again hit your m button
and this will take you back and just
keep on going to get back to your main
screen so let's carry on let's go into
photos again push play and let's open a
photo tip play again and here you go
nice quality okay hit em to get out of
there and get back to your main menu
let's keep on scrolling down you have an
e-book reader stopwatch loo FM radio so
you can listen to some tunes on the go
even without loading any mp3s on here
you have a voice recorder Explorer is a
search function so you can find all your
files and last but not least you have
your settings okay so you can customize
your you know your LCD screen and other
things like that set your time your date
you know all basics so this is it it's a
small compact has tons of functions it's
the mach speed trio v 430 and like i
said if you don't have an mp3 player if
you don't have a photo viewer all in
wine stopwatch calculator something that
has all of your tools on one device it
is time to get one and get hooked up so
check out this mach speed trio thank you
guys for watching I'm Sam and we'll see
you next time for more information on
the mach speed trio V 430 just visit any
of these major retailers and type in M
for five zero four zero seven two into
the search box for computertv i'm sam